Kevin Souder<br>
kesouder@ucsd.edu<br>
Section B14<br>
Dr. Armin Schwartzman<br>

**1. What is the most interesting topic covered in your domain this quarter?**<br>
The most interesting topic covered so far this quarter is learning about brain imaging and the programming behind the neuromaps toolbox. In order to reproduce one of the studies in the articles we read, we have to thoroughly understand the knowledge on the human brain. Diving deeping into the different way brains are strucutred, organized, and what different regions are responsible for in our every day lives and decision making. Looking at this project from a data science perspective, neuromaps has been a great bridge between neurobiology, statistics, and programming. <br><br>
**2. Describe a potential investigation you would like to pursue for your Quarter 2 Project.**<br>
One potential project I'd like to pursue next quarter is analyzing the relationship/correlation between the same 12 target maps (becuase they are very expressive and cover a lot of characteristics of the brain) to a brain map representing some type of mental illness, or perhaps brain scans of psychopaths. Although this seems like a gorey topic, focusing on brain maps of people with certain types of mental illnesses could be a great way to raise awareness and overall be informative to people. I beelive this project would be challenging (i.e. researching and acquiring said brain maps/data), but also utilize the skills I've learned in Fall 2025 quarter.  <br><br>
**3. What is a potential change you’d make to the approach taken in your current Quarter 1 Project?**<br>
Overall, I'm very happy with the project my partner and I are doing this quarter and there aren't a lot of changes I would make. However, I'd like to create more visualizations of the target brain maps we're doing our spatial autocorrelation analysis on. I'd like to make it a point to explain each target brain map's meaning and the corresponding correlation to our source brain map, Evolutionary Expansion. I think this would benefit the audience as to explain a very complex topic and express to them how interesting this project is. <br><br>
**4. What other techniques would you be interested in using in your project?**<br>
As mentioned prior, I'd like to really hone in on the visualization of these brain maps. I think people learn best with visualization rather than paragraphs of writing. Althought it's not necessary, I think I'd be interested in make an static, but interactly website so people can really explore these brain maps. My project is about analyzing the correlation between two brain maps, so I believe that have these visuzlizations to compare and show points of interest/significance would be beneficial from a learning perspective. These techniques would include moreso githuub pages and Jekyll rather than the programming used in neuromaps.
